On a white, snowy night,
my life was leaving me in a pool of red.
Am I really going to die?
Probably.
You would've survived
if you hadn't chased me.
What a ridiculous waste of your life.
Still... I'm glad I went after you.
Because... I was able to marry you.
Uh... Is this...
another world?
Can't be.
Oh, good morning, darling.
G-Good morning, Tsukasa-chan!
What's wrong? You look shook.
Well, I was just surprised when
you popped up so suddenly.
Well, why don't we get to breakfast?
We've been married for a while now, but...
I'm definitely not used to it yet.
TONIKAWA
My wife is extremely cute.
I don't know how I feel
about that shark movie.
Really? I like the way it depicted
the family's relationship,
and the story was pretty easy to follow.
Oh, come on, darling!
I don't want familial love and ease
of comprehension from shark movies!
I want to wonder, "Wait,
sharks don't actually fly, right?"
Or, "Why would they waste budget
on a scene like this?!"
And, "What in the world am I watching?"
That's the good stuff!
Do you get me?
I-I see. That is enlightening.
Every day is full of surprises
with Tsukasa-chan.
She saved my life on that
snowy night two years ago,
and took her leave before
I even knew her name.
We were then suddenly reunited and
began our married life together.
We turned in our marriage registration,
I proposed to her,
we bought wedding rings,
visited my parents,
had our house burn down,
and started living with my friends.
Things have been really busy.
You've been working all day,
haven't you, darling?
Yeah. I wanted to get this
data turned in a little early.
So you're saying you don't have time to
entertain your adorable newlywed wife?
Huh?!
Are you saying you want me to pay
attention to you, Tsukasa-chan?
I really do!
Your newlywed wife was disappointed
by that movie and wants attention!
Well, it's still early... Wanna go to the movies?
You mean it?
Yeah! That sounds great! I'd love to go!
Is it gonna be okay, though?
I'm not being a nuisance, am I?
It'll be fine. I'll finish this right up.
Okay, in that case, I'll root for you
by your side so you can finish faster!
Th-That's okay.
It'd probably be a better idea
to go ahead and get ready.
Got it!
Was there a movie you
were looking forward to?
You seem really excited.
I was wondering if you've been
wanting to go for a while now.
You could've gone without me, y'know.
Don't be silly!
The fun part is getting
to go with you, darling.
I figured we should go to a good
theater if we were gonna go out,
and this place really is nice!
It sure is.
Let's go on in, then, darling.
Yeah.
Th-These are premium luxury seats!
Should we really be splurging like this?
Well, since we don't go out a lot...
How about it? Want to get
any drinks or popcorn?
That's a real gamble with
this movie, darling.
Huh?
It's two and a half hours long.
You'll be doomed if you need to use
the bathroom partway through.
G-Good point...
It's about to start.
I think, in the old days, couples went
to the theater to hold hands, kiss,
and use the darkness as
a chance to fool around.
I'm not getting that impression
from my wife at all, though.
Still, it's really cute how she
enjoys the movie so earnestly.
Oh, the movie started.
My wife as she's thrown for a loop
by an unexpected plot twist.
My wife as she's surprised
by a shocking development.
My wife getting excited
as the tension ramps up.
My wife filled with dread at the danger
the heroes find themselves in.
And at the climax...
My wife unable to stop crying
because she's so moved.
Wow, she really is enjoying this movie.
We should come again.
A date at the movies, huh?
You two really seem to enjoy life. Nice.
Kusatsu-Style Yufuin Bathhouse
Wait, how do you know about that?
Tsukassan mentioned it when she was working.
Said she had a great time!
I see. That's good to know.
I'm thrilled you two are
enjoying newlywed life.
But that said... are you two
not going to have a wedding?
Good question. I don't think
we've even talked about it.
Your parents didn't ask about it?
Nope. It's never even come up.
What about Tsukassan's family?
Tsukasa-chan's?
I'm not sure. I think they're glad for her...
But if it was an actual wedding, I'm not sure.
Well, there are a lot of couples
who don't bother anymore.
Would you want one if you got married?
Well, if it's an option.
I'd want a super fancy one,
with a gondola and fireworks!
Husband
I-I see.
You might want to ask her about it, though.
Weddings are basically for the
sake of the bride, anyway.
Besides, I'm sure you want to see it...
The sight of your beautiful
wife in a wedding dress.
She's right. I would like to see that.
A wedding?
Yeah. Kaname-chan mentioned it today.
This chopped burdock you
made is delicious, darling.
Really? Thanks.
Tsukasa-chan, do you want to have a wedding?
Well, let me think...
A wedding, huh?
Not at all, no.
I-I see.
I mean, a wedding means a gathering
of dozens of friends and relatives.
And a reception includes stuff like
cutting the cake and speeches...
To top it off, you have to kiss
in front of a bunch of people.
Plus, having to wear something
as fancy as a wedding dress...
That'd be...
j-just plain embarrassing.
I see! That does really
sound like a good idea!
Were you even listening to me?
Yes! I would like to see you wearing
a super fancy wedding dress!
Okay, but see, I was trying
to say that'd be embarrassing!
Well, they say there's
no time like the present.
Let's see if we can have a
wedding somewhere next week!
Excuse me?
Huh? Did I do something wrong?
That's like a line out of
an isekai story, darling.
Oh, I get what this is.
Thank you for the meal.
Th-Thank you for the meal...
I have to say, your kung fu is weak, darling.
Wh-What do you mean?
I'm saying you have no idea what
a wedding ceremony involves.
I don't?
You don't!
Let's start with question one:
How do you arrange a wedding ceremony?
You're a clever one, darling,
so let's have you act out your answer.
Three, two, one, action.
Huh?! Act it out?!
Well, uh... First, you call the venue, and then...
Hello, is this the venue?
Um, I'd like to have a wedding.
What days are available?
Oh, I see. So Friday is available?
I'd like a reservation for two on Friday night...
You think this is going out for drinks?!
Kaname-chan?
What do you think a wedding is?!
You ain't gonna get a gondola or
fireworks with a single phone call!
Huh?!
What gondola?
Sorry for barging in.
One of the neighbors gave us a watermelon,
so I thought I'd share.
Thanks for that.
This is really good watermelon.
Sure is.
Anyway, Kaname, it seems my darling has
no idea how much of a trial a wedding is.
Sure seems like it.
I-It's a trial?!
Just for example, how much
do you think a wedding costs?
Good question... On the cheap side,
probably around 150,000 or 160,000 yen?
That's just wrong.
He's got a severe case of "ignorance
of things I don't care about."
What, am I wrong?
Well, for starters, Senpai...
Here's the minimum estimate for a wedding at
a certain kingdom that's considered magical.
S-Seven million yen?!
And there's the reality check.
Looks like it.
But... seven million?!
You could buy a car for that!
Yep, you sure could.
If you get far enough from the city,
you could even buy a house for that.
Seriously?
I always thought a wedding was, like...
You promise to love each
other in front of a priest,
your wife cries a little bit while
reading a letter from her parents,
and you basically wrap it up in one day.
Is it actually a whole process that involves
a bunch of traveling over an entire year?
You're not a band, and it's not a tour!
Why would you need to travel all over?
I just can't imagine why it'd
cost this much otherwise!
I-I see... So that's it.
No wonder everyone cries so emotionally.
They sure do.
It'd be kind of a waste of money not to.
Very, very nice! Keep it up, Chitose-chan!
Fight back a bit more during
this next round, Charlotte!
Aurora, how long have we been going?
Five minutes.
I can't stop wondering.
What are those two going
to do about a wedding?
Those two?
You mean Conan-kun and Amuro-san?!
Not them!
I mean Nee-sama and that
husband of hers! Them!
That really is a good question!
Come on!
Don't young folks these days
worry less about formalities?
Easy!
And Tsukasa-chan gets embarrassed easily!
In my homeland,
weddings usually have 200 guests,
and over 1,000 isn't unheard of!
That'd be rough if you're easily embarrassed.
How does anyone even know that many people?!
With a number like that, there's bound
to be a few strangers in there.
It's mostly...
complete strangers!
Why so casual?!
Still, it's not like the
families have met yet, either.
A wedding might be a good
way to arrange that.
Here.
Would you go if you were
invited, Chitose-chan?
I mean... of course I would.
Wow, really?
If you go, you can't try to ruin it.
I'd do no such thing!
I might be annoyed about her being married...
But I'd like Grandmother to see
Nee-sama in a wedding dress.
For Tokiko-sama...
Now that you mention it... yeah.
We're closed for today
See you tomorrow!
Seven million is on the pricey side,
but even the average is still
in the 3-4 million range.
I had no idea weddings were so expensive.
It's practically an event of a lifetime...
But what's this "betrothal money"?
Expenses Outside of the Ceremony
Introductory Lunch Meeting
60,000 yen
Engagement Party (Venue)     180,000 yen
Betrothal Money
1,000,000 yen
It's another million outside
of the cost of the ceremony.
Betrothal money is—
Whoa, you scared me!
A-Aya-san?
You were here all along?
What are you doing here, actually?
Well, the thing is,
I was playing video games in the living room
all day before Kaname-chan got mad at me,
so I lied about going to clean the baths,
and have been gaming in here!
That's just gonna make her madder!
Putting that aside,
betrothal money is something that
one side presents to the other,
along with the engagement gifts,
to help prepare for the wedding.
As smart as you are, you really don't know
much about this sort of thing, do you?
I guess that's true.
I didn't even know how expensive weddings
were until Kaname-chan taught me about it.
Well, they're expensive, and they
can take an entire year to arrange.
What?! Wait, that can't be right, can it?
I mean, people get married
every day at Omotesando...
And every one of those couples has been
planning for that day a year in advance!
What?!
B-But a whole year? What exactly
takes that long to arrange?!
That is a very valid question.
The mystery only seems to grow.
I... I guess it does.
Well, for one thing, if you're
inviting friends and coworkers,
you need to send out invitations, right?
And that needs to be two or
three months in advance.
Then there's confirming RSVPs,
seating arrangements...
Say your parents live out in the country.
You can't exactly go, "We're getting
married! Come by tomorrow!"
Everything needs to be arranged.
So no matter what...
It ends up taking time.
Care for some fruit milk, darling?
Sure, thanks.
An indirect smooch!
Then there's choosing the menu,
the table decorations,
getting an emcee, selecting the party favors...
Just a ton of things to do.
Which is why, personally, I'm not
interested in investing all that effort.
That's not right!
You won't know if it's worth
the effort until you try!
I'm sure Nasa-kun wants to see
Tsukacchan in a wedding dress!
He wants to see it and get excited over it!
What do you mean by "excited"?!
And do you realize the kind of price
tag we're talking about here?!
Still, though...
Three or four million isn't exactly out
of reach, with a bit of dedication.
Darling, that kind of
dedication is unnecessary!
That's not where you need
to dedicate anything!
Very well! Let's buy an issue of Zexy!
Zexy? The wedding magazine they
sell at convenience stores?
Precisely!
The first step toward a
wedding is buying Zexy!
And that's why the two of you will
buy and read Zexy together!
Never read it myself, but there's
bound to be helpful info in there!
I-I guess we're going to the
convenience store, then.
We needed milk for tomorrow, anyway.
Y-Yeah.
Will this work for milk?
Tasty
Milk
Yeah. But we're out of butter,
too, so we'll also need that.
That just leaves Zexy. Zexy...
Darling!
I'm feeling like ice cream.
Chocolate
Big Monaka
Crispity Crunchety!!
You want to split this?
Sounds good.
So, ice cream and a copy of Zexy...
It's heavy!
I never picked one up before,
so I didn't realize it was so thick!
It's like a phone book.
Zexy Capital Region Edition
Our special feature addressing your pre-wedding jitters♥\N\NTop 100 Venues in the Capital Region\N\NWhat you need for your wedding preparations\N\N\N\N Your one source for before, during, and after your wedding!\N\NSpecial Mega-Issue!!
It comes with extras,
and it's still only 300 yen!
That's quite a bargain.
"Top 100 Venues in the Capital Region"?
There are that many just around Tokyo?
There's something embarrassing
about buying it together, though.
Why?
I mean, come on...
It's a magazine that a couple thinking about
getting married would probably buy, so...
How do I put this? It gives
off real happiness vibes.
I-I guess it does.
Right?
Man, I got so self-conscious,
I was bright red at the register.
Y-Yeah.
Well, to cool down, how about some ice cream?
Appreciate it.
Here you go, darling.
Thanks.
Surveying an Actual Wedding Ceremony
What to Be Careful About!!
Y'know, reading this...
There really is a ton of stuff to
decide on before a wedding ceremony.
Right?
There are a lot of couples who
even get into fights about it.
I read about it in Spirits!
In Spirits?! She got this info from manga?!
Granted, you're enough of a sweetheart
that I doubt we'd get into a fight.
But I like things how they are
right now. All... lovey-dovey.
What'd you say, Tsukasa-chan?
I don't think I'm gonna tell you.
I just think that, instead of overcoming
the nightmare of arranging a ceremony,
we should go to the movies, eat together,
go to the convenience store,
share some ice cream...
The way things are now is
peaceful, and that's a relief.
I see.
So we shouldn't think about a
wedding ceremony right now?
We shouldn't! It's too soon for us.
Someday, when the time comes
for us to be truly blessed...
That'll be the chance
for the two of us to take our
time and really think it over.
Our wedding, that is.
We only just got married, after all.
Yeah.
You're right.
Today was really nice.
I'm glad we went to the movies together.
You smell so nice, Tsukasa-chan.
Come on, your breath tickles.
But, y'know,
I really would like to see
you in a wedding dress.
Then maybe in private...
I'll show it to only you.
Really?
Yeah.
Then that'll be our private wedding ceremony.
Do you promise to honor and love Yuzaki Nasa?
Yes, I do.
Yuzaki Nasa, do you—
Yes, I do!
C'mon, darling, let me finish!
And now, I may kiss the bride.
My wife is always so incredible.
TONIKAWA
Episode 1
Next Episode Preview
The other day, someone in town
asked me, "Are you happy right now?"
Oh, yeah, that does happen sometimes.
And I replied right away!
"Yes, I am!"
"A meteor could hit
or aliens could invade,
but I'd still be the happiest
man in the universe!"
You're unstoppable, huh, darling?